[MUSIC PLAYING]
>>SARAH BRESKMAN COSME: I
don't write these books.
These books are written by
the higher consciousness.
>>REGINA MEREDITH:
Why the Sphinx?
How did that happen?
Were you looking for something?
>>COSME: Somebody with
this name of three
knows information
about the Sphinx.
It was an
extraterrestrial presence
that would come down on Earth to
try to help humanity before it
destroyed one another.
>>REGINA: Much of the evidence
in many of the Great Pyramids
are long buried under
the sand, and we have yet
to rediscover them.
>>COSME: Right.
It holds our true history.
>>REGINA: Yes.
>>COSME: The Sphinx.
This Sphinx was being built
on this very special rock.
It had like a generator almost.
It was a very special rock that
came almost like an asteroid
from a different planet,
and it's basically
an extraterrestrial presence.
And all of a sudden,
this different voice
came through Yana and said, we
have to interrupt this session
right now.
You're getting too close to
confidential information.
[MUSIC PLAYING]
>>REGINA: I've been
saying for years
that it's going to take the
work of talented, intuitive, and
hypnotherapy subjects to flesh
out our real human history.
Artifacts on the
ground are not enough.
We need deep memory.
Sarah Breskman Cosme's work
is key in working together
toward this end.
I previously interviewed her
here on "A Hypnotist's Journey
to Atlantis."
Today, we're going to go
to the mysterious Sphinx.
Welcome back, Sarah.
>>COSME: Thank you so
much for having me.
>>REGINA: It's good
to see you again.
And I read the new book, loved
it, just like the previous one.
And I have such respect for
the way this is happening.
Before we go any further
and into this story--
and there's a lot here--
did you ever guess when
you became a hypnotherapist
that you were going to
end up in this position?
>>COSME: Never.
I had no idea at all that
this would ever happen to me.
It was such a wild ride.
>>REGINA: Yeah,
because you were trying
to help people overcome some
of our poor habits in life
and get better sleep and
lose weight and all that,
and here we are talking about
Atlantis and the Sphinx.
>>COSME: I know.
It's just incredible.
I had no idea.
>>REGINA: And it
just started popping
through the most
unlikely sources that
really had no interest.
Same is going to go for
today's story, by the way.
That had no interest in these
subjects and no knowledge.
>>COSME: I had such a
different background.
I had a scientific background,
so I got into all of this stuff
by accident.
>>REGINA: Yep, and
one of them was
Jen Sullivan, who she's carrying
forward into this story.
But we also have a
couple of other people
that you were working with whose
stories start crossing over.
And I think it seems
that Jen shows up
so prominently because she's
really lucid and very easy to--
very easy for her to
reflect back information
that she's seeing, and
it's very detailed.
She's a really good subject.
>>COSME: She's
such a good subject
because she doesn't
know about this stuff.
She didn't know
about this at all.
She was a teacher at the school
where my kids went to school,
and I knew that she didn't
know anything about this stuff
because we were
friends for 10 years.
And I would try to
bring up little things--
>>REGINA: Yeah, yeah.
>>COSME: Here and there
about spirituality,
but she wasn't into
any of that stuff.
So that's why she was just
such a fantastic subject
because I know that she didn't
know this stuff previously.
>>REGINA: Right, just as you
had not known it previously.
>>COSME: Right.
>>REGINA: Until you started
writing bumping into it
and getting some
exposure along the way.
So first of all, we already know
what happened with Atlantis.
Anyone who wants to watch can go
back and look at that interview
I did with you on Atlantis,
so kind of sets this up.
Why the Sphinx?
How did that happen?
Were you looking for
something, or what happened?
>>COSME: You know, I
never lead these sessions,
and that's what
makes it so exciting.
I don't write these books.
These books are written by
the higher consciousness
that comes through
my clients when
they're deep under hypnosis.
So there's an agenda there.
There's information that
these higher consciousness
want to get out,
and I had no idea
it would be about the Sphinx.
Everything just kept
leading us to the Sphinx,
and it was so exciting to learn
all this amazing information.
>>REGINA: It is, and we're
going to get into that.
But I feel inclined--
I wasn't planning on it,
but I feel inclined to say,
you and I did our own
session yesterday.
And the reason
was you and I were
talking on the phone
just prep for this,
and I suddenly
got this hit, gee,
I haven't had a regression
since Dolores Cannon now 22
years ago.
Maybe I should have
Sarah regress me.
I didn't have anything in mind.
It just hit me out of nowhere.
So I said, Sarah,
how would you feel
about doing a regression
when you come to Boulder.
And you started
laughing because--
>>COSME: Because the day before
my regression subject said,
Delores just came
through and said,
you've got to see if
you can regress Regina.
>>REGINA: And what was so funny
was that we did the regression,
and I didn't have
any expectation.
There was nothing
specific I wanted to see.
And it turned out,
I really think
that was Dolores guiding
that entire thing because it
was more information that
ties these stories together
on a lot of levels.
>>COSME: Gave you
the goose bumps.
Yes, it definitely
ties it all together.
>>REGINA: Yeah, so a bunch
of information flowed out.
And some of it I was aware of,
some of it I was not aware of,
and some of it I can't
remember right now.
But it just showed that
these other forces--
and Dolores is not
embodied right now.
I'm sure she's here
with us at this moment.
She passed away a few years ago.
And she wanted to see
that certain information
that certain people
hold comes forward.
So in say, Jen's case,
she might come forward
because she wants to
work on whatever issue
she came to you for, not
knowing that she's being
guided from the other side.
And I will say, when
you're doing a session,
you're not asking
leading questions at all.
>>COSME: Yeah, never.
>>REGINA: There's
nothing leading.
There's no subject matter.
It all has to come
out of the being.
>>COSME: And that's why I
really didn't write these books.
I'm just the humble messenger.
>>REGINA: Right, you
just edit them together,
put a nice cover on them.
OK, so first of all,
another thing that
kept coming out of clients
is they kept saying,
someone named Three is here.
And at other times the word
"thrice" and "Hermes" came up.
And it turned out
that this was Thoth.
Now Thoth is an
archetypal entity who
as the scribe from the
Egyptian gods and culture.
You didn't know
anything about Thoth.
They didn't.
And it was interesting,
thrice trismegistus,
which is thrice, thrice, Thoth.
So in three different
incarnations.
So Thoth is three times
this entity incarnating
three different entities.
So it's known as
thrice trismegistus,
and he just shortened it-- he
just shortened it to three.
Because they wouldn't even
be able to pronounce--
I can barely pronounce it.
I don't know.
Maybe I'm not
pronouncing it right.
But he came through and
gave a simplification
of what he's known as
to each of these people,
and they're seeing this entity
calling themselves three.
>>COSME: And when--
>>REGINA: With ancient
Egyptian knowledge.
>>COSME: We didn't know
anything about thrice--
>>REGINA: Trismegistus.
>>COSME: Oh, OK.
>>REGINA: Yes.
>>COSME: And nobody's heard of
this, none of my subjects had.
But they kept saying, somebody
with this name of Three
knows information
about the Sphinx,
and multiple clients
kept saying that.
And I thought, that's a
really strange name, Three.
Why do you call
this being Three?
And they said because this
being doesn't go by he or she.
It's androgynous,
and it's basically
an extraterrestrial presence.
>>REGINA: Yeah, you
could say that, yeah.
So here is Thoth, who
is the great scribe
throughout Egyptian history,
and one might argue even
into Atlantean history,
coming to share
through innocent people
information that has
been withheld from humanity.
>>COSME: Right, because
the time is right for it
to come back to humanity.
>>REGINA: So let's
go to Jen first,
and Jen was the
primary subject we were
speaking about a moment ago.
And she was talking about when
she started looking at it,
she said, it was an
outpost, so let's talk
about where she was,
what she was looking at,
where it was an outpost from,
and what she started seeing.
>>COSME: So I was
regressing Jen,
and I took her back to
that lifetime in the '70s,
or that's where her higher
self brought her to.
And we were finding
out information
about that lifetime--
>>REGINA: Where she
committed suicide,
was putting in an
insane asylum basically.
Jumped off a bridge when
she got out for a minute.
>>COSME: Right.
>>REGINA: And she came back
not too long after that.
>>COSME: Right, exactly.
And back during
that lifetime, she
had been regressed earlier
by a different hypnotist.
And during that time, they
were uncovering information.
And some of this information
that they uncovered
was about the Sphinx, and we
didn't know this previously.
But as I was regressing
her, she realized this.
And she went to the time
where she saw it being built,
and she saw from an
observer point of view
that this Sphinx was being
built on this very special rock.
It had like a generator almost.
It was a very special rock that
came almost like an asteroid
from a different planet.
And she didn't know
exactly where it was,
but this was a very special
rock because it could harness
and hold and magnetize energy.
And so the colonizers
that came to this planet
chose that rock to
build the Sphinx on it
because they knew it could
act as a time capsule,
a generator almost to keep
certain things active so
that they could have
it stored there.
And when Jen was
seeing it being built,
she saw that the
extraterrestrials that built it
didn't have bodies at the
time because they didn't
need to interact with humans.
And it's very
interesting because
many different
extraterrestrials will say,
they don't need a body unless
they're interacting with humans
or unless they're going to
be on this Earth for a while.
So at the time, it was easier
for them to build the Sphinx,
and they use these laser-like
tools to chisel out the Sphinx.
Most of the time was spent
digging the tunnels underneath.
It was a short amount
of time for them
to build the jungle,
catlike facade on top
that now looks different.
>>REGINA: Yeah,
she almost called
it a kind of human hard drive.
So it has our human
history in it.
>>COSME: It does.
It has our full history.
>>REGINA: But it also appears
to have our human future in it.
>>COSME: It does.
>>REGINA: In terms of what
we're capable of, what we are,
what we were
hybridized from, right?
>>COSME: Right.
It holds our true history.
>>REGINA: Yes.
>>COSME: In this Sphinx.
And it broadcasts
out, so everything
that's happening around us today
is being stored in the Sphinx
and broadcast out
to other planets
so they can keep track of us.
>>REGINA: And it wasn't
just she, but others also--
>>COSME: Others.
>>REGINA: Also saw the
same function happening.
But you touched on
something there,
and I found it interesting
in the book was the tunneling
system.
Because she went on to say--
she also spoke of Antarctica
and said that was really one
of the cradles of civilization
where she and her people,
from wherever they came from,
were colonizing.
They were doing that in the
Antarctica area, Arctic area.
And she said throughout
all over the Earth
are massive tunnel systems.
>>COSME: Oh definitely.
>>REGINA: Tell us about
the tunnel systems.
>>COSME: Well--
>>REGINA: How she
described them.
>>COSME: She described--
especially the ones that
were underneath the Sphinx.
They went from large
and boxy to small--
not small, but narrow.
So basically it would create
something within the mind
when you would go through them.
It would create almost
like a transcendence.
This feeling of going
from a wide area
into this small narrow spot.
And it was basically,
what it was supposed
to do is to go from the
scattering of the mind
into focus, to bring you back to
that state where you can really
focus and get information.
It was all done for a
very specific purpose.
But there were
also tunnel systems
built all over throughout the
Earth before the Ice Age--
>>REGINA: Under the oceans.
>>COSME: Mm-hmm.
Before the Ice Age.
And during that time,
before the Ice Age,
there was a lot of warning.
And so the extraterrestrials
that were seeding this planet
didn't want to lose their
experiment, so they came down
and they helped everybody build
these tunnels intricately.
I mean, there's many other
reasons for the tunnels,
but that's one of them.
>>REGINA: What are some of the
other reasons for the tunnels?
>>COSME: Oh my gosh,
well, I've heard
they were different
joining mechanisms
for different
extraterrestrials that
would inhabit the Inner Earth.
And so they would
use the tunnels
as a way of meeting up with
one another and going to--
>>REGINA: Perhaps civilizations
or tribes of people.
>>COSME: Right, right.
So they could go unnoticed.
Also another reason
for the tunnel systems
were for extraterrestrials
to work on the soil.
Because it was said that if
they didn't, we wouldn't really
be able to live here.
>>REGINA: And so the
different experiences--
each of these people had
different experiences
of the tunnel system.
And as you pointed to a
moment ago, one of them
included what happened when
humans had to go underground
during the Ice Age.
Can you talk from
memory, if you can,
because there's so
much information--
I don't like to
throw things at you
because you have to
go into your data bank
and remember what someone said--
but can you explain what it was
like for the people that had
to go underground during an Ice
Age, how they lived?
Because they were assisted
by ET technologies
for physical
survival as I recall.
>>COSME: Well you know,
it was interesting
because there was a lot
of revolting going on
because some people just wanted
to go back to the surface
but they couldn't, so there
was a huge divide in the minds
of the people at the time.
And then when they finally
could come to the surface,
some didn't want to
and some have stayed.
>>REGINA: Oh, so
there's still humans
in those tunnels living there?
>>COSME: Oh, definitely.
>>REGINA: But as I
recall, some of them
became weakened and
did not make it.
>>COSME: Right.
>>REGINA: And what was that
a result of, as you recall?
>>COSME: Just from
lack of sunlight,
and they couldn't
really do very much.
There was this specific
thing that they
would do to create energy
within the tunnels.
They would make
these big circles
and just try to run in
one circle many times,
and it would create
like a type of energy
that they would try to
bathe themselves in.
And then some really enjoyed
to just sit in the crevices
deep in the tunnels,
and they would
feel the energy of the Earth.
My subjects all had
different experiences
during this time, the ones that
remembered this experience deep
under hypnosis.
>>REGINA: All in all, it wasn't
a particularly satisfying
experience for them.
>>COSME: I don't
want to remember it.
>>REGINA: Yeah, and
I'm thinking-- yeah,
interesting why anyone would
even choose to incarnate during
those times where--
I mean, there's always something
to learn, something new
if you're an adventurer.
But it didn't sound
like a quality of life
that most humans would want.
>>COSME: Well, I think
for some of them,
it gave them great
purpose to create
this energy within the tunnels.
Because by doing these circles
and creating this energy,
they were also
benefiting the Earth.
And so they felt very
connected deep in the tunnels,
and that was their
sense of purpose.
>>REGINA: Instead
of just survival.
>>COSME: Right.
>>REGINA: Right, because I mean,
your creativity is somewhat
limited in its expression.
Not a lot of resources.
>>COSME: Also they
can connect deeply
with the Earth in that way.
>>REGINA: That
makes sense, yeah.
OK, well we're going
to move on past that.
And you mentioned
before that when
the face was originally
built and Jen
was watching it
being built, you were
looking at a feline, a cat.
Now why was that,
and then what's
the story of how the cat
ultimately became the pharaoh?
And what kind of timeline are we
looking at in terms of the age
as far as can be determined
in a regression of the Sphinx?
>>COSME: Well, the Sphinx
was first the jungle-like cat
facade because that was the
apex predator in the area.
There's other
Sphinx-like structures,
and they would also have the
apex predator of that area
as the facade there.
But it was changed
with the symbolically
with a takeover of the
masculine energy and control.
So symbolically, there
are so many symbols
in our world today.
So symbolically, when they
just totally changed the face,
it was to symbolize that
takeover of greed and this--
>>REGINA: Dominance and control.
>>COSME: Right, exactly.
>>REGINA: Well, did
she have any sense
of the age of when it was
originally constructed
in its original feline form?
>>COSME: That was
before civilization.
That was when they were
starting to colonize Antarctica.
So Antarctica, at that period of
time, had green rolling hills,
and it was really
peaceful to live there,
and everybody was very excited.
They were so excited about this
project they were creating,
and they had many
children hybrids,
and they were so happy.
My clients just
describe Antarctica
during that time
as just amazing.
>>REGINA: A kind of Eden.
>>COSME: Right.
And then even when Jen would
have difficulties in her life,
she would be taken
back to a memory
just to see Antarctica because
it gave her such great peace.
So it was during that
time, way before Antarctica
went under the ice.
>>REGINA: So we're looking at
hundreds of thousands of years.
>>COSME: Oh, definitely.
>>REGINA: So the Sphinx
would be much older than even
Robert Schoch suggested, who
outraged everyone saying it
was 11, 12,000 years old.
Way, way.
Well, when you look at other
esoteric systems that say
the pyramid is at least 85--
at least 100,000 years old,
those are speculations.
They could be even
further back than that.
And much of the evidence and
many of the Great Pyramids
are long buried under
the sand, and we have yet
to rediscover them.
>>COSME: Well, yeah, and
it's not his fault. I mean,
it's really hard to know.
>>REGINA: No, no,
no, he was trying
to be as conservative
as he could on it,
and that was outrageous
in the time though.
It got him in a lot of trouble
to stick his neck out that far.
>>COSME: Wow.
>>REGINA: He'd deviate from the
original Egyptians antiquities
department version of the story,
which is a whole other thing.
So this is what's
nice about this
because it's coming through
intuitive and regressed
information.
It can't tick off any members
of any kind of institutions.
It's just that they
can make what they want
of it, which is why I love it.
OK, so now looking at the
Sphinx from Jen's point of view,
there was information planted
there under, I believe,
the left paw.
Many, many people
have seen this.
That there's something for
us to access under the paw.
What did she see?
>>COSME: So she saw
that there were crafts.
There were extraterrestrial
crafts, technology there,
stored under there.
And just like a treasure trove
of different information.
But the thing about
this information
under the Sphinx that's still
there that's important to know
is you can only
see it when you've
reached a certain level
in your existence.
So you can't see it
at the current level
in this, I guess you could
call it plane of existence,
in this 3D reality
with our mindset now.
You have to raise
your vibration enough
to receive certain
information within the Sphinx.
>>REGINA: And that's
my understanding too,
even from my own guides that
that information will not
be revealed until we've
reached a certain level
of understanding.
>>COSME: Right.
>>REGINA: And what's
interesting about it
is in talking with Marco
Vigato, for example, and others
about the technological
progress of Atlantis
and the destructions
that ultimately occurred
as a result of heavy
reliance on materialism
over our spiritual, mental
matrix and faculties,
I wonder about that
with the Sphinx.
When you have to be a
certain vibration to see it,
that means it must be going back
into spiritual technologies,
not just technological
spacecraft and such.
>>COSME: Exactly.
You have to be able to use your
mind in order to access it.
>>REGINA: Right, and
that's what she was saying.
>>COSME: And you have
to be ready for it.
Like even me, for example,
before I was into spirituality,
someone gave me an Esther Hicks
book, "Ask and It Was Given"--
>>REGINA: Yes.
>>COSME: Something,
which is a great book,
but I took one look at
it and threw it out.
I was so mad that we
create our own reality
because I wasn't ready.
So you have to be ready
for this information.
>>REGINA: Yes.
And Yana is another
one of your clients.
Let's talk a little
bit about-- we're
going to go into a couple
of Yana's journeys.
And there was another
woman named Mary,
I want to talk about hers too.
That was really interesting.
But Yana was saying that
the Sphinx was actually
developed in another
dimension initially before it
became the physical Sphinx.
Can you talk about that a bit?
>>COSME: So Yana discovered
that the Sphinx was connected
to her home and back in
this one past life in Egypt,
she would go to the Sphinx
so that she could connect
to her home planet and she
could receive information
through the Sphinx.
And she noticed that
you can still do this.
You can tune in to the kind of
frequency that the Sphinx emits
and just communicate back
with your own home planet
if you feel a calling to do so.
Almost like tuning
the radio dial.
>>REGINA: That's
interesting for anyone
watching who's planning
to go on a tour of Egypt.
>>COSME: Oh, definitely.
>>REGINA: And who
has a chance to touch
the base of the Sphinx,
that would be amazing.
>>COSME: Oh my gosh, definitely.
One of my clients actually
did channel the Sphinx,
and it was so fascinating.
We were asking it
questions and--
>>REGINA: Tell us about that.
>>COSME: Well, it was Fred.
And I asked Fred--
well, Fred said, hey, I can
channel the Sphinx right now.
So of course, as curious as
I am, I said, well, go ahead.
What does it want to say?
And it said, I am you.
Because basically it's tapped
into universal consciousness,
so it is us.
So essentially we
are also the Sphinx
as well, which I thought
was really interesting.
>>REGINA: That's the hard drive
human awareness, consciousness,
and history.
>>COSME: Exactly, exactly.
>>REGINA: What
else did Fred see?
Let's talk about
Fred for a moment.
>>COSME: Oh my gosh, Fred is
such an interesting character
because my client--
my other two clients kept saying
that this being named Three
will show up.
And at the end of
Fred's session,
when I asked who I was speaking
with, he said, I am Three.
And he didn't even know that I
had been learning about Three.
But Fred was very connected
with that being that you
would call Thoth, "toth."
>>REGINA: Three, yeah.
>>COSME: Mm-hmm, and Three
was this bringer of light.
It was an
extraterrestrial presence
that would come down on Earth to
try to help humanity before it
destroyed one another.
And basically Three was
just sharing information
about how we're all fractal
of universal consciousness
and how we all create
from the spiritual heart.
So the frequency of
the spiritual heart
can help you create anything.
And Three was basically sharing
this information about how just
being kind to another can
really help you dust off
the cobwebs of your
spiritual heart,
and you can create that way.
So being kind to one another
can actually help you manifest.
>>REGINA: I loved that
part of the book, honestly.
He had some really lovely
testimony, so to speak.
>>COSME: Right, definitely.
>>REGINA: Anything
else from Fred?
Because I want to go back
to Yana for a bit and what
happened when your
session was interrupted.
>>COSME: Oh my gosh.
Yeah, well, that has never
happened to me before ever.
>>REGINA: So OK, let's go to it.
You're with Yana,
OK, and you guys
are in the middle of a session
and tell us what happened.
>>COSME: It was just a
regular session, so I thought.
And I was regressing
Yana to that past life,
and she wanted to go
see her home planet.
So I asked her
higher consciousness
to take her to her
home planet that she
wanted to see so badly.
And all of a sudden,
this different voice
came through Yana, and
said we have to interrupt
this session right now.
You're getting too close to
confidential information.
I thought, why?
Why is it confidential?
And they said because it would
be too confusing for humanity
to understand, and
you're getting too close.
And I said, well, what would
happen if you just tell me?
If you just tell me this
confidential information.
They said, well, it would
cause too much confusion.
It's very classified
information.
You're getting too close to the
energy from Yana's home planet
that will be free energy in
the future for this planet.
And there was other information
that they couldn't divulge.
So my session was
interrupted, and then
they said, OK, now
we'll bring Yana back,
and we'll show her
this other scene
and let you go on with
your session again.
And any time I got too
close, they interrupted us,
they interrupted the session.
>>REGINA: And again,
when you say "too close,"
it was to a type or a source
of energy that they said we're
not to know about yet.
>>COSME: Not to
know about it yet.
>>REGINA: And I assume because
we don't have the wisdom
to use it for right purpose.
>>COSME: Right, for the
right purpose, exactly.
But I've had other clients
go to this same home planet.
I believe it was the
same because they
describe it the same way with
these kind of spires on it.
And when they see
this home planet,
they get overwhelmed and
very emotional because it
seems for many humans
walking the planet today,
it's in their blood.
It's in their DNA to want to
go back to this home planet.
So even a glimpse of
it affects them deeply,
and they remember instantly.
Oh, that's where I'm from.
That's my home.
I want to go back.
>>REGINA: Do they remember
any of the characteristics
of the people or the
civilization or anything?
>>COSME: All they know is
that their home had to die,
had to lay fallow for a while
until it could be rebuilt.
That it had finished
its life cycle.
I guess if you could imagine
this Earth and this Earth
finally finishing
its life cycle,
the connection you
have to this Earth,
if you are going to
a different planet
to stay while this
Earth is being rebuilt,
it would be in
your DNA probably.
You would remember this Earth
and the beauty and everything
and want to go back.
So that's kind of how I feel--
>>REGINA: Interesting.
>>COSME: It happens
for my clients
or how they feel about
that other home planet.
That once they see it,
they just want to go back.
>>REGINA: OK, now that crosses
over into the subject of Mars
because Mars started coming
up in this story as well.
>>COSME: Right.
>>REGINA: Talking about a
planet that had a catastrophe
and lost its inhabitability.
So can we talk about
that for a moment?
>>COSME: Sure.
>>REGINA: Because
they were saying
a lot of people that
are curious about Mars
are curious because that's
where they once were.
>>COSME: Exactly.
>>REGINA: So tell us that story.
>>COSME: There's always a
reason why you have a curiosity
to something anyway.
It's your intuition
leading you to something.
So for many, just
hearing this story
will help them so
much because they
have that curiosity about Mars.
So apparently there were
many beings living on Mars
when there was a collision
in the atmosphere,
and it blanketed Mars,
and it turned cold,
and they couldn't
live there anymore.
So they asked for help, and
some beings didn't make it.
There were many people
that perished on Mars
and many that were
rescued as well.
But for some, just seeing the
civilization being rebuilt
would really help them so
much in their life right now.
>>REGINA: What about the notion
of being underground on Mars?
>>COSME: They had
tunnels within Mars
where they would transport
their food and stuff like that.
They were basically
vegetarian in nature.
>>REGINA: So--
>>COSME: And they went
underground during--
>>REGINA: Yeah, that's
why I was asking.
>>COSME: During the cataclysm
when they waited for help.
But they couldn't really support
themselves and sustain life
there under the ground there.
>>REGINA: Yes, because
there were some people,
like Robert Dean who was a
lovely man in the military
for many years who
had been shown--
and many say that they've
seen these maps of Mars,
and that it's being
inhabited right now
and that they're actually
colonies of Earth people
that are living there
right now but underground.
>>COSME: Oh, I heard that too.
That's interesting.
>>REGINA: Did any of that
come up in any regressions?
>>COSME: Just that, that there
are humans living there now.
That's what I heard with
my clients under hypnosis.
>>REGINA: So what
you're saying--
>>COSME: And that
there's life on Mars.
>>REGINA: Yeah, and
what you're saying
is making me think that the
people that might be living
on Mars, as far as
some accounts say,
might very well be those
who lived there once before
and their planet
was lost to them.
>>COSME: Oh, definitely.
>>REGINA: Yeah,
they're back and just
trying to re-establish in a
place they're more comfortable.
>>COSME: Right.
>>REGINA: So did
they say anything
about the future
of Mars in terms
of the habitability
and the ability
to survive there more
easily in the future?
>>COSME: Yes, they said
it will be rebuilt,
and people will live
there in the near future.
>>REGINA: What about Venus?
Does anything ever come
through from Venus?
>>COSME: No, but I'll ask.
>>REGINA: Yeah, it's
interesting because I
didn't read that in any of
these, and I was thinking,
I bet Venus will
start popping through.
Anyway--
>>COSME: You never know.
>>REGINA: Maybe it's
planting a seed.
So another thing that came up--
and this is a big one for me--
and this message came through--
I think Jen, it
came through Fred,
and it may have
come through Yana.
You remind me, and
that was when people
were looking at Earth's future.
When they were looking
at Earth's future,
they would go into these
progressions as well,
and it's not what
we're being told.
>>COSME: Oh my gosh, not at all.
>>REGINA: No, so
I would like you
to tell that story of
what they're seeing
about the future of Earth.
>>COSME: Well first of
all, none of these people
know one another,
and they don't know
what the other person said.
So I do that just
to keep this valid.
And they all say the
same things, all of them,
including--
I do this job almost
every day, that Earth is
moving into an amazing place.
That this will be a
kinder, gentler Earth.
It's going to be an
amazing place to live,
that everything
is right on track.
The Earth is ascending.
Basically what they
say is the Earth
is on a trajectory of planets.
There are many
other Earth planets,
and they move up like the
rungs of like a ladder--
>>REGINA: But dimensionally.
>>COSME: Right.
And so once the Earth
hits a certain frequency,
it will become a light planet.
Right now, Earth is
classified right now
as a manifestation planet.
It wasn't before.
So you can manifest
a lot easier now,
but everything is
right on track.
The extraterrestrials that
speak through my clients
are very happy with the
progress and happy with the way
everything's going.
I mean, yes, there's chaos,
but the future looks amazing.
>>REGINA: And when they each
spoke of it, the question was,
well, is there a time when
Earth will become extinct?
And you must have been the
one asking the question.
>>COSME: I'm curious.
>>REGINA: Of these
people out of curiosity.
And every time, they said no,
not for millions of years.
When it goes through
its own natural cycle,
that's millions
of years from now.
That is not for us
to be even thinking
about, nor concerned with.
>>COSME: We're nowhere close.
>>REGINA: And the notion of
people and mass extinction
of humanity and life forms, tell
us what they said about that.
>>COSME: Yeah, I was
curious about that
too because it seemed like we
were repeating the Atlantis
cycle.
And no, we're actually doing
things so much better, so
much differently, and there's
so much help on the planet.
There are so many
extraterrestrial volunteers
embodied in a human
body right now helping.
There's extraterrestrials
helping from--
>>REGINA: They're
interdimensional beings.
>>COSME: They're all over.
>>REGINA: You're saying
extraterrestrials is anything
that's not human,
but it's actually--
>>COSME: It's everybody.
>>REGINA: You refer to
every kind of entity.
>>COSME: Right.
>>REGINA: Interdimensional,
angelic, et cetera.
They're all here helping us.
I'm kind of curious,
when you look
at the Atlantean times in the
stories that are emerging,
the competition and
overreliance upon technology
seem to be a bit of a
downfall for humanity.
>>COSME: Right.
>>REGINA: And now we're reaching
those same decision points.
It must be that
these beings feel
we are making decisions
that will ultimately
avert that same trajectory.
So something's helping wise
us up a little bit over what
we've been before.
>>COSME: Oh, definitely.
Well, there's this special
light hitting the planet
right now that
many of my clients
have been talking about.
It's like this bluish
white light that's
just blanketing the Earth.
It's been blanketing the Earth.
You can feel it.
It's raising the frequency of
the inhabitants and the Earth
as well, and it's a very
healing light all over.
Just trying to
remove things that
are unwanted from people
and the Earth as well.
>>REGINA: At the same time,
when you remove things,
we have a tendency
to cling a bit,
and we don't like
change too much.
So the chaos comes in
our reaction to the fact
that our own higher
essence, our own higher self
is trying to remove
these things from us,
and that's being
drenched in that light.
>>COSME: Right, right.
It's a very exciting time.
But as far as the technology,
this is really exciting
because during
Atlantis, we moved
too far in our technology,
and we didn't have compassion.
See, what's different
about these times
is that we're holding
compassion now,
and we're moving
with the technology.
We're creating balance.
It's all about the
balance, and that's
what we were striving to do
before, but we didn't do it.
This time we're doing it right.
>>REGINA: It does seem
like the it factor
now that may have become
dampened back then
is the energy of the heart.
>>COSME: Right.
>>REGINA: Can you talk about
that a little bit like--
>>COSME: Like what
Three was talking about,
just the frequency, the
spiritual heart and being
compassion, holding--
being compassionate and holding
compassion for one another.
It's huge.
It helps you so much.
And especially doing the
job I do when I take people
to the afterlife and they
do their life review,
they realize that
every single thing
they did to help somebody
else comes back to them.
They feel it greatly
every single thing.
So it's an incredible thing
to be kind to another person.
It helps you just
as it helps them.
>>REGINA: But it's
also a frequency.
>>COSME: It is.
>>REGINA: And the
frequency ultimately
is what creates change.
The Earth's ascension,
our ascension
into reconnecting with the
spiritual aspect of life
itself, cosmos, et cetera.
To me, that's ascension.
It's reconnecting with spirit.
>>COSME: I love that.
>>REGINA: Yeah, in
the simplest form,
and we're all in the
process one way or another.
Did they talk at all
in any of these about
artificial intelligence in that
being developed on the planet
now?
>>COSME: Yes, there's
been a lot of talk
through my clients about that.
>>REGINA: Let's talk about it.
>>COSME: Well, they were
saying that it's only
beneficial in the right hands.
It's divine.
It's divine planning.
That's the way we're
supposed to move.
This is our future, but as
long as the right people
hold the key.
But there's so much
help right now.
There's so much help to
make sure things go well,
so I'm not worried as far
as the trajectory right now.
>>REGINA: Yeah, well,
I mean, they're all
seeing the same outcome,
so I'm not either.
But I find this point where
we're making decisions
absolutely fascinating.
Not only the chaos because
of our human nature
of clinging to the familiar
when it's time to let go.
That causes chaos
and discomfort.
>>COSME: Right.
>>REGINA: But also the
imagination of what's
happening in the world
of entertainment.
I pay close attention
to entertainment
because a lot of it's predictive
programming, and some of it
is also showing potential.
And there is this series--
I think it's on Amazon Prime--
called "Humans."
And what it's about is we've
reached a point where AI
and robotics that are
synthetic humans--
they're called synths--
robotic humans now
live alongside humanity
to help us with the
more mundane tasks
so that life actually becomes
easier so we have more time
to do what we wish contemplate,
have a more ease on planet
Earth.
But then the notion of
human consciousness merging
with synthetic consciousness
enters the story,
and that's where all of these
incredible philosophical types
of questions start rising.
And very direct emotional
kinds of responses people
have to this.
This perfected being that
has now human consciousness
that's self-organizing.
And so you look at it and
think, where are we going
to end up on this trajectory?
And they ask the question,
is that the human trajectory?
Is remaining carbon-based
but awake and aware
and truly sentient, is that our
trajectory with the aid of AI,
which is what you're
talking about.
>>COSME: Well, you look at
other planets, the ones that
have evolved themselves,
like the Arcturians say,
they have technology.
They have any kind
of technology.
>>REGINA: Absolutely.
>>COSME: And they're
very compassionate,
so they just chose
to keep balance.
>>REGINA: And that's
what's being exemplified
in this series, British series.
It seems that the ones with the
highest levels of compassion
often end up being AI, but
they may also be human.
So you're looking at the
declined intelligence,
emotional intelligence
on both sides
and the elevated emotional
intelligence on both sides,
but compassion is a huge
keyword in that series.
So that's, I think, the heart
and compassion is going to--
I agree with you--
be the key to the way
we choose to interface
with AI in the future.
>>COSME: It is the key.
>>REGINA: It's just
being put on us
in ways we don't
appreciate at the moment.
>>COSME: Right.
>>REGINA: Yeah, and we have
to call the shots on that.
>>COSME: Right.
>>REGINA: So the
kinder, gentler world,
same thing my guide's told me.
Looks just like Earth.
It's like the
Earth you have now.
Beautiful, but you are
living amongst more
like-minded people, more
collaborative people.
It's a more beautiful way of
living on and with the Earth.
>>COSME: Right, you'll be able
to communicate with the Earth.
>>REGINA: Yes.
And so now let's go to Mary.
Red crystals pop up.
They popped up in Jen's story
of Atlantis and so forth.
But Mary in the fairy realm,
because I think that realm
is really prominent right
now on a lot of levels.
They're really making themselves
more known to earthlings.
>>COSME: Right, it
was so fascinating
how these fairies were
using these mirrors.
And she kept saying,
humans think they are wands
but they're mirrors,
and we use them
to access different dimensions
by shining this mirror
or reflecting the light.
It would open the dimension.
That they would take
the different crystals,
and they would place some
different places to help people
with time travel and just
whatever they needed.
Because these crystals
are so sought after.
Humans can't have any of
these crystals at the moment.
>>REGINA: They're keeping them
away from-- hidden from humans.
>>COSME: They are.
Exactly, until we
reached the level.
>>REGINA: Not a
chance until we--
>>COSME: Exactly.
>>REGINA: Tell us
a little bit more
about the nature of the
elemental kingdom that she
was-- she went back into a time
where she was part of that.
>>COSME: Right, and she could
remember all her past lives.
>>REGINA: Did tell us about--
everyone's fascinated
with elementals.
Tell us a little bit more
about Mary and her experiences.
>>COSME: It was so cute.
She said it was like a
dollhouse where she lived,
and she was just
laughing so much.
And she had access to
all of her past lives.
There was no forgetting
in that realm.
And they were just beautiful
little light beings
that just wanted to help and--
>>REGINA: How did
they work with Earth,
with Mother Nature with humans?
How does that work?
In what ways?
>>COSME: That's their job.
That's their role to work
with humans and Mother Nature
and to basically just to
work with both of them
and to help them in
whatever way they can.
Just beautiful little light
beings that seem so happy.
Because she said there's
so much laughter here.
Just constantly
laughing and playing.
>>REGINA: I think we
all want to go there.
>>COSME: Next life.
>>REGINA: I'm going to
be a fairy next lifetime.
>>COSME: Right, right.
>>REGINA: Not an
evil dwarf, right?
>>COSME: Yeah.
>>REGINA: So you talked about
the blue light a moment ago,
it's something that's
happening right now.
But some of the people this
information came through, said,
it's not just right now.
It's going to be
continuing for a while.
>>COSME: Right, and it's OK if
you're not ready for it yet.
There's so many opportunities.
All you have to do is
accept it basically.
You can just put your
feet on the Earth
and have it be absorbed
through your body.
There's so many ways
to use this light
or to bathe yourself in it.
It doesn't take much.
>>REGINA: And what
else did they have
to say about what we can
all do right now to progress
without the same level
of pain, insanity,
and so forth we've
been going through?
Because I know
different information
is coming through
different people.
What are some of the
tools we have here?
>>COSME: Oh my gosh.
Well, just to go inwards,
just to quiet your mind.
And I would always ask, what
about for the people that
don't know how to meditate?
And they said, oh, well,
just going out into nature
is good enough.
Being around like-minded people.
Speaking freely
with another person
that you feel you can just
speak freely with is so healing.
And besides nature and swimming,
just all different things.
There's so many
different things you
can do to raise your
vibration or to connect
with another person,
connect with the Earth,
or connect with
yourself basically.
Just listen deeply--
>>REGINA: What about connecting
with all the beings besides--
and especially our higher
self, but everything
in this other realm
that is trying
to help us along the way?
>>COSME: That's
really interesting.
So they don't give
me the future,
but they said the most
predominant future potential
is that how you
know how everybody
talks about connecting
with the other side.
It's going to be very
commonplace to connect
with the higher
version of yourself.
If you want to call it an
extraterrestrial version.
Everybody has that version--
>>REGINA:
Multi-dimensional version.
>>COSME: Exactly.
So that's going to be
commonplace to connect
with that part of ourselves.
And everybody will
understand how to do this.
It's going to be easy.
>>REGINA: And just to
add to that, in the most
ancient of Atlantean times, it
was very easy for those realms
to communicate
between themselves
when they were in not as
dense a physical reality
and not reliant yet upon
technology but more spiritual
technology.
And so maybe it's just
us remembering our way
back to when we used to be able
to communicate that way too.
>>COSME: Oh, I love that.
Definitely.
>>REGINA: Any final thoughts?
We just have a minute
or so left about tying
this huge subject of the
Sphinx and everything else
we talked about together.
>>COSME: Well, I would
just love to say,
because I do this job
almost every single day,
that the beings that
come through my clients--
you could call them the
extraterrestrials or higher
consciousness-- they
always say that it's
so funny that humans
are always trying
to be when they already are.
They're always trying
to get something
when they already have it.
That basically a human's job
is to be messy, not perfect.
We're not supposed
to be perfect.
We're here to be messy,
and we come to this Earth
to have these experiences.
Because when you go back to
in between, then all is known.
You've just forgotten.
That's why there's
chaos and pain.
But when you go
back to in between,
everything is
known to you again.
So while you're here,
just make a mess.
Don't be perfect.
Leave the stupid jerk and
have as much fun as possible.
>>REGINA: Sarah, that couldn't
be more beautifully said.
Let's just get messy.
Not beat ourselves
up for being messy
might even be a
better way to put it.
And enjoy this and
learn everything we
can while we have it this way.
Thank you once again.
I can't wait to see
what you come up
with next, because
undoubtedly new information is
going to start streaming
through your clients.
>>COSME: It already has.
Super exciting.
>>REGINA: OK.
Are you going to
tease us a little?
>>COSME: Oh my gosh,
well a lot of what
I've been getting recently
is tribal information
and it's been coming
through like crazy.
All these different subjects
that don't know one another.
Because they said, the
time is right for justice.
Not justice in the
way that something bad
will happen to somebody
else, but justice in the fact
that people will
finally be heard.
>>REGINA: That's mirrored also
by Sheila Gillette and the THEO
group.
>>COSME: Oh, interesting.
>>REGINA: Yes,
people will be heard.
That we're moving to a time
where, believe it or not,
governments will be serving
the people, not the other way
around.
>>COSME: Right, right.
That's what I've
been hearing too.
That's so interesting.
>>REGINA: I love it.
I love it.
That's good news.
And so when that's all
done, put a book together,
and I'll you back.
>>COSME: Thank you,
>>REGINA: Thanks, Sarah.
Again, Sarah's book is
titled "A Hypnotist's Journey
to the Secrets of the Sphinx."
You can also go
to Sarah's website
to connect with her personally
at theholistichypnotist.com.
If you enjoyed
this interview, you
might also want to watch
my previous interview
with her here In
the Gaia archives.
Until next time, thank
you for joining us here
on "Open Minds."
[MUSIC PLAYING]